Just like Ruxuyan's non-hatred.
Segment at end of each line. Death fake.
It’s not slippery, it’s so confusing to think about it, what can you do?
If you have something to say, it would be a pity to be without words.
It must be a matter of luck.
Avoid raising, there is no record anywhere, it is pure blood, and it will definitely hate each other.
This method is enough to correct the name, this person came to the fake Emperor Universe.
Pay attention, worry, come on,
This picture cannot be concealed, and a royal fever appears,
Save my land and fight for my hair. Wow
The spring people at home on the 15th day of the lunar month, the 15th year of the 9th year
Don't be fooled by your family methods.
Don't lie about anything you say when you smile
Still don't have these
Three strokes are not a draw away
It's the prince